BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1. We used only the config final fields given by the config file(env.config...).
2. Across all of the project, specifically in Table and Dealer classes
3. We Used unit tests AND Manual tests(we chagne the configuration file values and saw how the game changed accordingly).

--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1. The terminate function of the Dealer firstly terminates main timer thread (terminate function plus interupts and join). Secondly, calls the terminate function of the players which change the boolean terminate and then interupts the AI thread, The player thread will terminate(we changed the boolean parameter and then interput plus join). At the end the run function of the dealer ends so the thread will stop and terminate. 
2. Dealer class(terminate,join between players and dealer at the run function,shut down threads function),player class(terminate, run functuions),timer(terminate function plus run function).
3.We printed every time a thread is terminated an saw the order and checked the logger as well.

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
